README.md, before:

# DownloadInspector
Download Inspector is a web application and browser extension that allows you to check if a given download link is malicious or safe. It utilizes the filescan.io API to perform the scan and provides you with the result.

## Features

- Input a download link and check if it is malicious or safe.
- Provides real-time loading messages while the scan is in progress.

## Web Application

The web application allows you to access Download Inspector directly through a web browser.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```
git clone https://github.com/your-username/DownloadInspector.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```
cd DownloadInspector
```

3. Install the required dependencies:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Usage
1. Start the Flask server:
```
python3 app.py
```

2. Open your web browser and access the following URL:
```
http://localhost:5000
```

3. Enter a download link in the provided input field and click the "Check" button.

4. The application will perform a scan and display whether the link is malicious or safe.

## Browser Extension

The browser extension integrates Download Inspector into your browser for convenient access.

### Installation

1. Open your browser and go to the extensions management page,
2. Enable developer mode.
3. Click on "Load Unpacked" and select the `extension` folder from the downloaded repository.

### Usage

1. Click on the Download Inspector extension icon in your browser toolbar.
2. Enter a download link in the provided input field and click the "Check" button.
3. The extension will perform a scan and display whether the link is malicious or safe.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.


AUTHORS
- Okonta Princess <okontaonyeka@gmail.com> Github[https://github.com/OnyeEbube]
- John Ajiboye <johnajiboye53@gmail.com> Github[https://github.com/johnajiboy]

Commit message:

Update README.md and adding the LICENSE

README.md, after:

# DownloadInspector

Download Inspector is a web application and browser extension that allows you to check if a given download link is malicious or safe. It utilizes the filescan.io API to perform the scan and provides you with the result.

## Features

- Input a download link and check if it is malicious or safe.
- Provides real-time loading messages while the scan is in progress.

## Web Application

The web application allows you to access Download Inspector directly through a web browser.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/DownloadInspector.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```
   cd DownloadInspector
   ```

3. Install the required dependencies:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

### Usage

1. Start the Flask server:
   ```
   python3 app.py
   ```

2. Open your web browser and access the following URL:
   ```
   http://localhost:5000
   ```

3. Enter a download link in the provided input field and click the "Check" button.

4. The application will perform a scan and display whether the link is malicious or safe.

## Browser Extension

The browser extension integrates Download Inspector into your browser for convenient access.

### Installation

1. Open your browser and go to the extensions management page.
2. Enable developer mode.
3. Click on "Load Unpacked" and select the `extension` folder from the downloaded repository.

### Usage

1. Click on the Download Inspector extension icon in your browser toolbar.
2. Enter a download link in the provided input field and click the "Check" button.
3. The extension will perform a scan and display whether the link is malicious or safe.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

DownloadInspector is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more information.

## Authors

- Okonta Princess <okontaonyeka@gmail.com> - [GitHub](https://github.com/OnyeEbube)
- John Ajiboye <johnajiboye53@gmail.com> - [GitHub](https://github.com/johnajiboy)

## Deployed Website

The web application is deployed and can be accessed at [https://www.Onyeekah.pythonanywhere.com](https://www.Onyeekah.pythonanywhere.com).
